added tzdata package (#4697)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/wasm-constraints.md

  Pyodide includes some method stubs based on browser APIs:
  `webbrowser.open()`, `webbrowser.open_new()`, `webbrowser.open_new_tab()`.

- zoneinfo: The zoneinfo package will only work if you install the timezone data using

>   the tzdata package (i.e. by calling `import tzdata`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the tzdata package (i.e. by calling `pyodide.loadPackage("tzdata")`)
```
